chore(team): write governance (#159)
nodejs/userland-migrations: CONTRIBUTING.md

### Acceptance Criteria

For a pull request to be merged, it must:

> - Receive approval from at least 2 reviewers ([team members](TEAM.md))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Receive approval from at least 2 reviewers with write access
- Receive no objections from reviewers with write access
```

Reviewer 2: That is not the same. It's possible for non-team-members to have write access.
